README.md, before:

# Python Programming
![Python banner](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/assets/99515673/1df23097-5b3d-413b-96af-5d9796aa2438)

## Introduction

This repository serves as a comprehensive collection of Python programming examples, projects, and resources. Python is a computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and conduct data analysis. As a general-purpose language, it can be used to create a variety of different programs and isn't specialized for any specific problems.

## Contents
1. Getting started
2. Table of Contents
3. Contribution

## Getting Started 
To get started with Python, you will need to install the Python interpreter on your computer. You can do this by downloading the Python installer from the [Python Website.](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Once you have installed Python, you can start writing Python code. You can do this in any text editor, but it is a good idea to use an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) such as VScode.

## Table of Contents
The table below gives the name of each project and their description. 

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [0x00-python-hello_world](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x00-python-hello_world) | A project that prints different strings on the screen |
| [0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions) | A directory that contains tasks that solves problems on if, else, loops and function |
| [0x02-python-import_modules](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x02-python-import_modules) | This project, part of the ALX Higher-Level Programming curriculum, consists of Python tasks covering module imports, command line argument handling, and basic scripting. It includes tasks such as importing functions from files, handling command line arguments, performing calculations, and more. For detailed instructions and code examples, please refer to the respective task descriptions in the project directory. |
| [0x03-python-data_structures](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x03-python-data_structures) | The text outlines a curriculum focused on Python programming and data structures, including tasks and projects with specific requirements and objectives, as well as an advanced CPython-related task.|
| [0x16-python-file_handling]() | The text outlines a curriculum focused on Python File handling consisting sub directories of Text File and Binary File |

## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Pascal Chinedu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute.

Commit message:

added description on 0x04-python-more-data_structures

README.md, after:

# Python Programming
![Python banner](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/assets/99515673/1df23097-5b3d-413b-96af-5d9796aa2438)

## Introduction

This repository serves as a comprehensive collection of Python programming examples, projects, and resources. Python is a computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and conduct data analysis. As a general-purpose language, it can be used to create a variety of different programs and isn't specialized for any specific problems.

## Contents
1. Getting started
2. Table of Contents
3. Contribution

## Getting Started 
To get started with Python, you will need to install the Python interpreter on your computer. You can do this by downloading the Python installer from the [Python Website.](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Once you have installed Python, you can start writing Python code. You can do this in any text editor, but it is a good idea to use an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) such as VScode.

## Table of Contents
The table below gives the name of each project and their description. 

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [0x00-python-hello_world](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x00-python-hello_world) | A project that prints different strings on the screen |
| [0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions) | A directory that contains tasks that solves problems on if, else, loops and function |
| [0x02-python-import_modules](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x02-python-import_modules) | This project, part of the ALX Higher-Level Programming curriculum, consists of Python tasks covering module imports, command line argument handling, and basic scripting. It includes tasks such as importing functions from files, handling command line arguments, performing calculations, and more. For detailed instructions and code examples, please refer to the respective task descriptions in the project directory. |
| [0x03-python-data_structures](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x03-python-data_structures) | The directory outlines a curriculum focused on Python programming and data structures, including tasks and projects with specific requirements and objectives, as well as an advanced CPython-related task.|
| [0x04-python-more-data_structures](https://github.com/Pascalchinedu/alx-higher_level_programming/tree/main/0x04-python-more_data_structures) | The directory involves implementing various python functions to manipulate data structures and interact with python objects including lists, tuples, dictionaries and sets. |
| [0x16-python-file_handling]() | The text outlines a curriculum focused on Python File handling consisting sub directories of Text File and Binary File |

## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Pascal Chinedu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute.
